---
description: Get the appliance SSL certificate status.
---

# Get-HPOVApplianceCertificateStatus

## Syntax

```text
Get-HPOVApplianceCertificateStatus
    [-ApplianceConnection <Object>]
    [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

HPE OneView uses HTTPS to communicate with managed devices and remote servers. HTTPS is based on Transport Layer Security \(TLS\). HTTPS and TLS offer the following benefits: Confidentiality: Data is encrypted on the wire using symmetric key cryptography.

Message integrity: Secure hash functions guarantee integrity.

Authentication: HPE OneView authenticates the remote end point of the HTTPS connection. Public key cryptography is used to authenticate HTTPS and TLS.

The certificate that gets generated by default on a newly installed appliance is an RSA certificate. Currently, only RSA certificates are supported for the appliance certificate.

Public key cryptography uses public and private key pairs to encrypt and decrypt data. In a public key system, digital certificates certify the ownership of the public key. Digital certificates also certify the allowed usage of that key \(for example, digital signatures, certificate signing, encryption\).

HPE OneView supports the use of both self signed certificates and certificate authority issued \(CA\) certificates in a formal public key infrastructure \(PKI\).

This Cmdlet will return the appliance HTTPS certificate. The certificate can then be examined for validity, or to import the public certificate into a certificate trust store.

Privileges: No minimum required

## Examples

### Example 1

```text
Get-HPOVApplianceCertificateStatus
```

## Parameters

### -ApplianceConnection &lt;Object&gt;

Specify one or more `[HPOneView.Appliance.Connection]` object\(s\) or Name property value\(s\).

| Aliases | Appliance |  |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Required? | False |  |
| Position? | Named |  |
| Default value | \(${Global:ConnectedSessions} | ? Default\) |
| Accept pipeline input? | false |  |
| Accept wildcard characters? | False |  |

### &lt;CommonParameters&gt;

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: Verbose, Debug, ErrorAction, ErrorVariable, WarningAction, WarningVariable, OutBuffer, PipelineVariable, and OutVariable. For more information, see about\_CommonParameters \([http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216)\)

## Input Types

_**None. You cannot pipe objects to this Cmdlet.**_

## Return Values

_**HPOneView.Appliance.ApplianceSslCertificateStatus \[System.Management.Automation.PSCustomObject\]**_

Formatted table display of the SSL Certificate object.

## Related Links

