---
description: Generate and download or remote save appliance backup.
---

# New-OVBackup

## Syntax

```powershell
New-OVBackup
    [-Passphrase]
    [-Location <String>]
    [-Force]
    [-Async]
    [-ApplianceConnection <Array>]
    [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

HPE OneView provides the ability to save your configuration settings and management data to a backup file and enables you to use that backup to restore a corrupted appliance in the event of a catastrophic failure.

The backup process involves creating a backup file and then downloading that file so that you can store it to a safe and secure (off-appliance) location for future use. You can schedule automatic backup operations and designate a remote location for the backup file.

Use this Cmdlet to generate and download an appliance configuration backup file for backup purposes.  The backup file does not contain user account passwords.  The backup file is not meant to restore to other appliance for quick provisioning, as it is an encrypted TAR GZIP file.

If an automatic backup policy is configured on the appliance, the Cmdlet is instruct the appliance to offload the newly created backup to the remote location.  If you wish to download the backup, use the -Location and -Force parameters, which will initiate a download to the value provided.

## Examples

###  Example 1 

```powershell
New-OVBackup
```

This command will generate a new backup, and if a remote location is configured, will initiate the file transfer.  If not configured, then the Cmdlet will download the file to the current working directory.

###  Example 2 

```powershell
New-OVBackup -Location C:\Temp -Force
```

This command will save the Appliance backup file to C:\Temp

## Parameters

### -Location &lt;String&gt;

The full path to where the Support Dump will be saved to.  The downloaded file name will be generated by the appliance.  If the directory does not exist, it will be created. By default will use current directory.

| Aliases | save |
| :--- | :--- |
| Required? | True |
| Position? | Named |
| Default value | (get-location).Path |
| Accept pipeline input? | false |
| Accept wildcard characters? | False |

### -Force &lt;SwitchParameter&gt;

The Cmdlet will validate if the appliance is configured to save backup files to a remote location.  Use this option to force download the backup file instead of copying to the remote location.

| Aliases | None |
| :--- | :--- |
| Required? | False |
| Position? | Named |
| Default value | False |
| Accept pipeline input? | false |
| Accept wildcard characters? | False |

### -Async &lt;SwitchParameter&gt;

Use this parameter to immediately return the async task.  By default, the Cmdlet will wait for the task to complete.

| Aliases | None |
| :--- | :--- |
| Required? | False |
| Position? | Named |
| Default value | False |
| Accept pipeline input? | false |
| Accept wildcard characters? | False |

### -ApplianceConnection &lt;Array&gt;

Specify one or more `[HPEOneView.Appliance.Connection]` object(s) or Name property value(s).

| Aliases | Appliance |
| :--- | :--- |
| Required? | False |
| Position? | Named |
| Default value | (${Global:ConnectedSessions} &vert; ? Default) |
| Accept pipeline input? | false |
| Accept wildcard characters? | False |

### -Passphrase &lt;SwitchParameter&gt;

Introduced in the HPE OneView 6.60.06 patch, a secure Passphrase is required to encrypt the appliance backup.  The parameter is only required if the appliance version is 6.60.06 or 6.60.07.  An exception will be generated if this parameter is used and the target appliance doesn't meet the minimum required version.

| Aliases | None |
| :--- | :--- |
| Required? | True |
| Position? | Named |
| Default value | False |
| Accept pipeline input? | False |
| Accept wildcard characters? | False |

### &lt;CommonParameters&gt;

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: Verbose, Debug, ErrorAction, ErrorVariable, WarningAction, WarningVariable, OutBuffer, PipelineVariable, and OutVariable. For more information, see about\_CommonParameters \([http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216)\)

## Input Types

_**None.  You cannot pipe objects to this Cmdlet.**_

## Return Values

_**The generated backup File if appliance is not setup for remote storage or the Force parameter is used.**_



_**HPEOneView.Appliance.TaskResource [System.Management.Automation.PSCustomObject]**_

Async task to create the backup file.

## Related Links

* [Get-OVBackup](get-ovbackup.md)
* [New-OVRestore](new-ovrestore.md)
* [Save-OVBackup](save-ovbackup.md)
