---
description: Register appliance with the HPE Support Center
---

# Register-OVRemoteSupportPortalConnection

## Syntax

```powershell
Register-OVRemoteSupportPortalConnection
    [-LaunchBrowser]
    [-GenerateNewCode]
    [-ApplianceConnection <Object>]
    [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

The Hewlett Packard Enterprise Support Center (HPESC) integration enables you to securely register the HPE OneView Remote Support client with your HPESC group. It can be a private or shared group. Registering remote support with HPESC improves case visibility for the cases originating from the client. After registration, all the group members can view the cases originating from the client.

This feature provides an improvement over the existing contact-based access. It does not require explicit contact matching and allows you to share case content with all the HPESC group members.

Use this Cmdlet to register the appliance to the HPESC.  By default, if a previous token has been generated by another user and registration has not been completed, the generated token will be used.  To generate a new token, use the `-GenerateNewCode` switch parameter.  By default, the Cmdlet will return the token object, with the expiration time of the token.  You can either copy the token and then log into the HPESC, or use the `-LaunchBrowser` switch parameter, which will launch your default web browser to the HPESC and the geneated token.

???+ info
    Minimum required privileges:
    
    * Infrastructure Administrator
    * HPESC credentials with the rights to add the appliance connection to the user specified group.

## Examples

###  Example 1 

```powershell
Register-OVRemoteSupportPortalConnection -LaunchBrowser
```

Generate a token.  Return an existing token if it was created already by another user.

###  Example 2 

```powershell
Register-OVRemoteSupportPortalConnection -GenerateNewCode
```

Generate a new token.

## Parameters

### -ApplianceConnection &lt;Object&gt;

Specify one or more `[HPEOneView.Appliance.Connection]` object(s) or Name property value(s).

Default Value: ${Global:ConnectedSessions} | ? Default

| Aliases | Appliance |
| :--- | :--- |
| Required? | False |
| Position? | Named |
| Default value | (${Global:ConnectedSessions} &vert; ? Default) |
| Accept pipeline input? | false |
| Accept wildcard characters? | False |

### -Confirm &lt;SwitchParameter&gt;



| Aliases | cf |
| :--- | :--- |
| Required? | False |
| Position? | Named |
| Default value |  |
| Accept pipeline input? | false |
| Accept wildcard characters? | False |

### -GenerateNewCode &lt;SwitchParameter&gt;

Generate a new token used to authenticate the appliance connection.

| Aliases | None |
| :--- | :--- |
| Required? | False |
| Position? | Named |
| Default value |  |
| Accept pipeline input? | false |
| Accept wildcard characters? | False |

### -LaunchBrowser &lt;SwitchParameter&gt;

Launch your default web browser to the HPESC including the generated token.

| Aliases | None |
| :--- | :--- |
| Required? | False |
| Position? | Named |
| Default value |  |
| Accept pipeline input? | false |
| Accept wildcard characters? | False |

### -WhatIf &lt;SwitchParameter&gt;



| Aliases | wi |
| :--- | :--- |
| Required? | False |
| Position? | Named |
| Default value |  |
| Accept pipeline input? | false |
| Accept wildcard characters? | False |

### &lt;CommonParameters&gt;

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: Verbose, Debug, ErrorAction, ErrorVariable, WarningAction, WarningVariable, OutBuffer, PipelineVariable, and OutVariable. For more information, see about\_CommonParameters \([http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216)\)

## Input Types

None.  You cannot pipe objects to this cmdlet.


## Return Values

=== "HPEOneView.Appliance.RemoteSupport.PortalConnectionToken"
    The appliance token used to establish a secure connection with the HPESC, and launch the clients default web browser.
    
    

## Related Links

* [Get-OVRemoteSupportPortalConnectionStatus](get-ovremotesupportportalconnectionstatus.md)
* [Unregister-OVRemoteSupportPortalConnection](unregister-ovremotesupportportalconnection.md)
